README.md, before:

# BP Slider
Joomla! 3 responsive slider module based on Swiper and Bootstrap.

# Features
- Manage slides:
    - Image
    - Title
    - Text
    - Button (title, url)
    - Layout
    - Enable arrows
    - Enable dots
    - Enable automatic slide change
    - Manage slide change time and delay
    - Enable slides loop
    - Minimum slider height
- Build to work with Bootstrap 4,3 and 2
- Available translations:
    - English
    - Polish

## How to build from repository
If you are a developer and you are willing to build extension from this repo you will need Composer installed globally. 
Here are instructions how to build installation package from scratch.
- Prepare a clean Joomla! installation
- Clone this repo on your installation or cope its contents straight to your Joomla! root directory
- Run `composer install`
- Run `composer build`
- Your installation zip files should now be read in `/.build` directory.

## Changelog

### v1.0.4
- Added missing polish translations.
- Added minimum slider height setting.

### v1.0.3
- Added updates server, fixed some npm requirements.

### v1.0.2
- Just fixing release tag.

### v1.0.1
- Tests successful. Initial release.

### v1.0.0 beta
- Initial release.

Commit message:

Re-licensing to match JED requirements. Fixed the slide background position. Fixed the missing $ in height calculation method.

README.md, after:

# BP Slider
Joomla! 3 responsive slider module based on Swiper and Bootstrap.

# Features
- Manage slides:
    - Image
    - Title
    - Text
    - Button (title, url)
    - Layout
    - Enable arrows
    - Enable dots
    - Enable automatic slide change
    - Manage slide change time and delay
    - Enable slides loop
    - Minimum slider height
- Build to work with Bootstrap 4,3 and 2
- Available translations:
    - English
    - Polish

## How to build from repository
If you are a developer and you are willing to build extension from this repo you will need Composer installed globally. 
Here are instructions how to build installation package from scratch.
- Prepare a clean Joomla! installation
- Clone this repo on your installation or cope its contents straight to your Joomla! root directory
- Run `composer install`
- Run `composer build`
- Your installation zip files should now be read in `/.build` directory.

## Changelog

### v1.0.6
- Re-licensing to match JED requirements ...
- Fixed the slide background position.

### v1.0.4
- Added missing polish translations.
- Added minimum slider height setting.

### v1.0.3
- Added updates server, fixed some npm requirements.

### v1.0.2
- Just fixing release tag.

### v1.0.1
- Tests successful. Initial release.

### v1.0.0 beta
- Initial release.
